if i owned your business i would do
things differently hey everyone i'm neil
patel and today i'm going to break down
what neil patel would do if he owned
your business or website
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
look
there are six questions i would ask if i
owned your business these questions will
open up new opportunities and make you
grow your traffic and sales
so let's dive right in
question number one do you have a
winning product or service
and here's what i mean by this no matter
how good of a marketer you are or a
business owner you are if your product
or service isn't amazing you're not
going to do well in the long run what
people don't realize if you look at
businesses that have been around for
ages like nike coca-cola pepsi general
electric general motors ford and the
list goes on and on these businesses
typically don't generate the majority of
their sales from tv ads or billboards or
seo or paid ads it actually comes from
word of mouth but how do you get that
word of mouth really going it's all
about building amazing product or
service because if people really love
what you have to offer they're gonna
start talking about it
and one way that you can see if you're
going in the right direction is by doing
an nps survey so nps stands for net
promoter score it pretty much tells you
how good you're doing the higher the
number the better and what i would do is
as you're doing this nps keep getting
feedback so if you have low scores and
people aren't satisfied with your
product or service ask them why ask them
what you can improve because if overall
in the long run if you continually
improve your product and service and
iterate it you won't have the best score
right away from day one but over time as
you improve it what you'll find is
you will get way more word of mouth
sales
the second question that i would ask is
do you have a proven sales process in
place look
i don't care how good someone is at
marketing
sales really does win at the end of the
day
i had a company back in the day called
kissmetrics
we raised around 16 million dollars in
money during our peak and there was
another company called mixpanel that
came up after us
during the beginning they raised less
money than us eventually they raised way
more money than us i believe they raise
over 50 plus million dollars over time
and but during the early days they
started beating us and we're just like
how's this possible kissmetrics see
these days is no longer around but we
had double triple the traffic that they
did during the peak
we're like how are they generating way
more revenue they weren't doing paid ads
or anything better than us or even seo
better than us but you know what they're
doing better than us
sales sales is priceless and don't take
it for granted even if your product is
better or you're first to market if you
suck at sales you're not spending enough
time in that you're not going to do as
well
there's a book that i'd love you to
check out winning by design check it out
it's great for sales and even though if
you don't have a sas company you can
still use a lot of those principles for
any type of business the third question
that i would ask is have you built a
marketing funnel
look in marketing costs have continually
gone up
marketing is no longer affordable it
keeps going higher and higher over time
and that's not really going to change
but how do you make the numbers work
with marketing continually going up in
expenses
whether it's paid ads or seo you still
got to pay for people time sometimes you
have to pay for the ad spots but
marketing is going up well the way you
counteract this is by improving your
conversion rate and that's things like
testing your button color or copy or
images and you should be doing that but
here's the thing what we found that
generates the best roi when it comes to
conversion optimization is creating that
marketing funnel and in that funnel you
want upsells and down sales so if you
have a service based business for
example at my ad agency np digital we
help people grow their traffic so if you
need help with your traffic check us out
but let's say you come in the door and
you pay us for seo
later on we'll upsell you into paid
advertising management let's say you pay
us on that later on let's say your
e-commerce we may pay you on or we may
pitch you on managing all your amazon
paid spend your walmart listings your
target listings then we may pitch you on
conversion optimization then we may
pitch you on email marketing services
you see how we're continually upselling
to get that extra money out of our
customers now of course if we weren't
providing results it wouldn't work but
because at np digital we have a really
good track record people are okay with
taking us up on those upsells and you
need to do something similar with your
service based business if you're selling
a product
you can add upsells right upon checkout
so for example
if you're a legion athletics legion
athletics is a supplement company they
sell protein powder
and let's say you go and you buy protein
powder they may have some other
supplements that can help you get buffer
faster so that speed part is a great
upsell and whether you say yes or no to
that you still want to offer another
upsell so you can have two upsells or
offers in your checkout one is on speed
and one is on automation so anything
that you can do to upsell people to get
the results faster or in a more
automated way so they do less work the
more likely you have of people taking up
on those offers the fourth question is
do you collect leads i don't care if
you're b2b b2c e-commerce service you
need to collect leads what i mean by
elite is at least collect the email
address if i have an ecommerce site when
someone leaves i may offer them coupon
code offers a discount if they put in
the email address service based business
want to register for a webinar
read extra premier content or get a free
course put in the email address
back in the day when i started marketing
i met this guy named franker
and frank kern does amazing with copy
and email marketing and frank once told
me the money is in the list your list is
like an atm machine and he's spot on
emails you know i was once talking to a
company called overstock ecommerce
company they're like one of our large
channels is email this was years and
years ago and i bet it's similar today
so don't take your list for granted even
b2b company like mine np digital we
collect a lot of leads through email and
those leads eventually convert into
customers fifth question is is your
website minimally optimized from an
on-page perspective because
if you haven't really optimized
everything you need to fix that
so what i would do is head over to
ubersuggest
and put in your url once you put in your
url in the left hand navigation go to
the site audit report the site audit
report will break everything down from
an seo standpoint and it'll show you
your errors it'll show you even things
like google core vitals information like
load time how well you're doing what you
need to end up fixing and what's cool
about the site audit report on uber cs
is it breaks down the errors in priority
the top ones are the ones that you
should fix first and then the ones lower
on the list are the ones that you should
fix last the reason is prioritized is
look i know everyone is strapped for
time so might as well fix the stuff
first that provides the biggest bang for
the buck
the sixth question that you need to ask
yourself before you're getting organic
traffic
what's your traffic strategy to getting
sales
the best approach is typically going to
be either outbound sales
paid advertising partnerships affiliates
all those kind of things work extremely
well and i'll give you a few ideas if i
was in e-commerce and selling a physical
product i may go to influence.com try to
find influencers hit them up on these
social platforms get to know them and
try to do a deal with them where i'll
pay them a commission for every sale
that they drive and here's a trick with
that when they're driving people to your
landing pages you want their image to be
on the landing page it typically helps
boost conversions you need to make sure
they're okay with that as well and get
their permission for that
in b2b amazing strategy that i found
that works extremely well at the
beginning is partnerships so we're a
marketing agency at np digital we may
partner up with dev shops so let's say
there's these e-commerce development
shops that are redoing people's shopify
site or bigcommerce site will work with
these dev shops because they're like hey
these guys have this traffic they have
this big e-commerce store they need
people to drive more traffic and
fine-tune it so then we'll partner up
with these dev shops and then on the
flip side we may have customers that
we're driving a lot of traffic to these
e-commerce sites are getting bigger and
we're just like hey your site's a mess
you need to clean up your code we
recommend talking to that dev shop over
there so it's a win-win situation
and if you follow those tactics that i
just broke down in this video or you
just ask yourself these questions you'll
find more opportunities for you to grow
now if you need help with your marketing
check out my ad agency np digital if you
have any questions leave a comment below
i'm here to help you and answer your
questions if you enjoyed this video like
it share it tell the people about it
thank you for watching